Specify the usage of anonymous and non-anonymous hyperlinks (#127)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/contributing/style-guide.rst

Links
-----

> It is preferred to format links as an anonymous hyperlink. The important thing to note is the **two** underscores appending the text. In the situation that only one underscore is used, issues may arise when compiling the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is preferred to format links as anonymous hyperlinks. The important thing to note is the **two** underscores appending the text. In the situation that only one underscore is used, issues may arise when compiling the document.
```
